* Characters Involved 
    - 31st century Starfighter with a knack for luck 
    - a 12 and half millenium old witch queen of a civilization that more than likely was the inspiration for both the Flood of Noah, and Plato’s Atlantis, that has left earth during the flood, and ever since be building a Type-V civilization in the hyperspatial, multiversal bulk. 
* The conflict 
    - A new and experimental multiversal navigational array has been malfunctioning sending travelers into the multiversal bulk, where they are instantly crushed by the weight of the multiverse (an that is infinite. So they and their ships are crushed into singularities.)  
    - A researcher working with our starfighter has discovered that the source of the disturbances is somewhere in the bulk of the multiverse. 
    - Starfighter, trying to get to the bottom of things and attempting, to save countless others, from the crushing weight of the multiverse, discovers The Favored One, The Witch Queen’s hyperspatial civilization and at its center is the source of the disturbances.  
    - Starfighter, breaches the central tower, The Dark Spire, a collossal tower made of obsidian, and seeks to turn off the disturbance. 
    - The Favored One, is like ‘Nope.’ 
    - And The Epic Prophesized fight between The Intrepid Starfighter and The Favored One begins
* The conflict ends with a BIG surprise
    - At some point The Intrepid Starfighter and The Favored One go toe-to-toe in a direct confrontation. The fight hard for minutes. The Starfighter eventually loses his balances and braces rebalances himself pushing off on the only nearby that would work for that, his opponent, The Favored One. The touching of The Favored One, triggered a flashback of reincarnative memories throughout multiple lives, in reverse order into the past. Eventually, he hits upon a life where, apparently he and The Favored One where friends, in fact more than friends. They were more like promised lovers. Unfortunately before the deal could have been sealed, he in that life went high into the nearby mountains to meditate on his would-be royal future, which is where he got slain by a bunch of thieves. He sees himself dying and being hurled into the ever increasing complexity of the multiverse, a complexity that was punctuated by … A kiss on his cheek! ‘What the heck? Did The Favored One, just kiss me on the cheek? What is going on here?’ It became apparent that The Favored One, saw what he saw when she said ‘I know. I see it too.’ And she gave him warm embrace. Apparently, that which was bitter enemies in one life, could have been much more than friends in another. Reincarnation is Weird. Right?